# landing-page

The goal is to build a website based on The Odin Project's design using what I've learned about HTML, CSS, and FlexBox. Additionally I had to add images in the designated locations.

I started by creating a boilerplate for the website, then moved forward to create the header using FlexBox. The header consists of a header logo and three links. I put the links in an unordered list. I created a div for the header, and nested a div for the header logo and the ul. 

I then started the CSS; removing all margins and padding from all elements. I also changed the box sizing to border-box for all elements. I removed the bullets from the links, as well as the underline. I changed the ul element into a flex box and set a gap, so the links had appropriate spacing between them and were horizontally displayed. I then changed the header div into a flex box, using space-between to push the header logo and the links to either end of the page. I added the appropriate font-sizes, font colors, background color, and font family to the elements. (Though I chose to put the font-family in the body element, so it would adjust for the whole page.)

I then created what The Odin Project calls the hero (a section of the page that appears to be an extention of the header that makes it seem more official). I used a div as a flexbox to hold its two children divs for either side of the hero. On the left hero div, I created further divs for the title section of the text, and for the actual text. I also added a button to the left hero div. In the right hero div, I added an empty img element and a grey background (for debugging purposes). I set the left and right divs to flex grow, set an appropriate gap for them, and styled the text and the button. I then added appropriate padding to the hero and header to push the flex boxes to the center of the page the appropriate amount. I had to google search how to round the edges of the button, but I found the solution relatively easily. I then did my first commit on git.

The rest of the page came together, much as the header and the hero. I implemented HTML, CSS and FlexBox to duplicate, as best as I could, the page layout that waS provided. Rather than go into greate detail all the steps I took, I'll discuss the one thing that I couldn't replicate. In the quote section, I tried everything I could think of the to set the font weight to light. VS Code only auto suggest lighter. I tried that, I tried 'light' and I tried giving it a relatively small value of 100. But, no matter what I did, the font wouldn't thin to match font style on the sample. I gave up and left it as lighter, figuring it could be that my computer doesn't have the light versions of the font installed. I tried to install them, but I ran into problems in the attempt and had to give up.

After I finished the rest of the content, I added the footer. I had to search for a way to get the copyright symbol on Ubuntu. There were some complex instructions involving a "compose" key, which I've never heard of or seen. I resorted to google searching the symbol and copying and pasting it from a random website.

Finally, I added the images to the page, figuring out that I apparently had to size the images directly to get them to fit into the divs I'd already created and sized for them. I also discovered that you have to directly round the corners of the images, and that the div borders didn't line up either, so I had to change that from the div borders to image borders. I got all the pictures on this page from pexels.com.